CBC MUST come with EtM (#475)
yaronf/I-D: BCP195bis/draft-ietf-uta-rfc7525bis.md

Some devices have hardware support for AES-CCM but not AES-GCM, so they are unable to follow the foregoing recommendations regarding cipher suites.  There are even devices that do not support public key cryptography at all, but these are out of scope entirely.

> A cipher suite using CBC (cipher block chaining) mode (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cipher suite that operates in CBC (cipher block chaining) mode (e.g.,
```

Reviewer: Trying to avoid two uses of "using/used" in the same sentence. :-)

> TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256) MUST NOT be used unless the

Author: ```suggestion
TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256) SHOULD NOT be used unless the
```
